1. Write a program to find the Factorial of a number
To calculate the factorial of a number, multiply all integers from 1 up to that number. For example, for 5, the factorial is 5 × 4 × 3 × 2 × 1 = 120.

2. Even Numbers from 1 to 20
To find all even numbers between 1 and 20, check each number and see if it is divisible by 2 (e.g., 2, 4, 6, ..., 20).

3. Odd Numbers from 1 to 20
To find all odd numbers between 1 and 20, check each number and see if it leaves a remainder of 1 when divided by 2 (e.g., 1, 3, 5, ..., 19).

4. Reverse Counting
Start with the input number and decrement by 1 in each iteration, printing the number until you reach 1.

5. Medium Level Python while Loop Example
Use a loop to print the squares of numbers from 1 up to a given number. For example, squares of 1, 2, 3, etc., are 1, 4, 9, and so on.

6. Multiplication Table
To print the multiplication table for a given number, multiply that number by all integers from 1 to 10 and print the result for each multiplication.

7. Factorial Calculation using while loop
To calculate the factorial using a while loop, start with 1 and multiply it by all integers up to the input number, one by one.

8. Reverse a Number
To reverse a number, repeatedly extract the last digit by dividing the number by 10, and then rebuild the number by adding the digit to the reversed number.

9. Sum of Digits
To calculate the sum of digits, repeatedly extract the last digit of the number and add it to a total. Continue until the number becomes 0.

10. Check for Palindrome Number
To check if a number is a palindrome, reverse the number and compare it to the original number. If they are the same, it is a palindrome.

11. Print Numbers in Words
Convert each digit of a number to its corresponding word (e.g., 1 → "One", 2 → "Two") and print the words for all digits.

12. Count Frequency of Digits
To count the frequency of each digit in a number, check each digit and keep a count of how many times it appears.

13. Print First 10 Natural Numbers
Simply print the numbers 1 to 10 as these are the first ten natural numbers.

14. Capital City Quiz
Ask the user if Sydney is the capital of Australia. If they answer "yes," print that it's wrong and tell them Canberra is the capital. If they answer "no," print that it's correct.

15. Calculate Sum of Numbers from 1 to N
Sum all integers from 1 up to the given number. For example, the sum from 1 to 5 is 1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + 5 = 15.

16. Print Multiplication Table of a Given Number
Print the multiplication table for the given number by multiplying it by all integers from 1 to 10.

17. Display Numbers from a List Using a Loop
Print each element from a list, one by one, using a loop.

18. Count the Total Number of Digits in a Number
To count the digits, divide the number by 10 repeatedly until it becomes 0, and count how many times you can divide it.

19. Check If a Character Is in a String
Check if the given character exists in the string and print a message indicating whether it was found or not.

20. Print List in Reverse Order Using a Loop
To print a list in reverse order, loop through the list starting from the last element to the first.

21. Display Numbers from -10 to -1 Using for Loop
Use a loop to display numbers from -10 to -1 in the reverse order.

22. Display a Message “Done” After the Successful Execution of the for Loop
After completing a for loop, print the message "Done" to indicate that the loop has finished executing.

23. Print All Prime Numbers within a Range
To find prime numbers, check each number in the range and see if it has no divisors other than 1 and itself. Print those numbers.

25. Find the Factorial of a Given Number
Similar to question 1, calculate the factorial by multiplying all numbers from 1 to the given number.

26. Reverse an Integer Number
To reverse an integer, repeatedly extract the last digit and build the reversed number.

27. Print Elements from a Given List Present at Odd Index Positions
Print the elements from a list that are located at odd index positions (e.g., 1, 3, 5, etc.).

28. Calculate the Cube of All Numbers from 1 to a Given Number
To calculate the cube of numbers from 1 up to a given number, multiply each number by itself three times.

29. Find the Sum of a Series of a Number up to N Terms
To find the sum of a series, add the numbers from 1 to N. This can be a simple arithmetic sum.

32. Print the Alternate Numbers Pattern
Print numbers alternately in a pattern, for example, 1, 3, 5, 7, 9, etc.

33. Count Letter Frequency in a String
To count how many times the letter 'e' appears in a string, loop through the string and check for occurrences of the letter 'e'.

34. Find the Largest and Smallest Digit in a Number
To find the largest and smallest digit, check each digit in the number and keep track of the largest and smallest values.

35. Write a Program that Asks the User for a Year and Replies with Either "Leap Year" or "Not a Leap Year"
To check if a year is a leap year, verify the following:

year = int(input("Enter a year: "))

if year % 4 == 0 and (year % 100 != 0 or year % 400 == 0):
    print(f"{year} is a Leap Year")
else:
    print(f"{year} is Not a Leap Year")

